docs: improve authentication page (#5567)
coder/coder: docs/admin/automation.md

We recommend automating Coder deployments through the CLI. Examples include [updating templates via CI/CD pipelines](../templates/change-management.md).

## Authentication

> Coder uses authentication tokens to grant machine users access to the REST API. Follow the [Authentication](../api/authentication.md) page to see how to generate long-lived tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coder uses authentication tokens to grant machine users access to the REST API. Follow the [Authentication](../api/authentication.md) page to learn how to generate long-lived tokens.
```

## REST API

> You can review the [API reference](../api/index.md) to find the necessary routes and payload. Alternatively, you can enable the [Swagger](https://swagger.io/) endpoint to play with the API:

Reviewer: I'd like to avoid the word "play" here since we're doing actual requests against the API which modify the state.

```suggestion
You can review the [API reference](../api/index.md) to find the necessary routes and payload. Alternatively, you can enable the [Swagger](https://swagger.io/) endpoint to read the documentation and do requests against the API:
```
